Updates to prevent additions of dup url entries and ignore case when deleting url entries (#30053)
demisto/content: Packs/SymantecManagementCenter/ReleaseNotes/1_0_11.md

#### Integrations

##### Symantec Management Center

> - Updated add_policy_content_request() function to prevent additions of duplicate 'url’ entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the **symantec-mc-add-policy-content** command to prevent additions of duplicate 'url’ entries
```
The release notes are for our customers, who are not interested in `functionalities` but only in `commands`.

> - Updated delete_policy_content_request() function to ignore case when deleting 'url' entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the **symantec-mc-delete-policy-content** command to ignore case when deleting 'url' entries
```
